---
title: Protect the Results rally
date: 2019-08-25 13:56:00 -04:00
categories:
- event
is featured: true
main-image: "/uploads/protect-the-results-header.JPG"
event-start-date: 2020-11-04 15:00:00 -05:00
event-end-date: 2020-11-04 17:00:00 -05:00
Location: Shawsheen Square
RSVP-link: https://www.mobilize.us/ptr/event/349126/
layout: post
---

### UPDATE Nov 4th: This event is ON. See you at Shawsheen Square at 3:00

Join us to honor the valid results of the 2020 election, ensure that every vote is counted, and show up to demand the peaceful transition of power.

Please remember that for our rally to succeed, we need to stay on this message: Count Every Vote. Only bring hand held signs that reinforce the message to COUNT EVERY VOTE and follow the safety rules listed below.

**Protect the Results Rally Group Agreement**

Note: For the safety of everyone who attends this peaceful demonstration, marshals/peacekeepers will be available to answer questions, de-escalate issues, and serve as a liaison for the press and law enforcement.

For your part, by attending this event you agree to:
* Wear a mask and socially-distance
* Abide by traffic rules, help keep the intersection open and flowing
* Not engage with counter protestors or others who express disagreement *
* Commit to non-violent behavior
* Not bring or carry weapons of any kind (not even a small pocket knife)
* Follow all instructions from marshals, including when the event is over

It is recommended that you plan to attend the event with a buddy who can assist with any logistical issues should they arise. Bring a charged mobile phone and exchange phone numbers.

* While we have no indication at this time that counter protestors will attend, if they do arrive it is critical that we keep our rally peaceful, stay on message (Count Every Vote) and not react to any provocation on their part. If they succeed in engaging us, they succeed in undermining the peaceful democratic messaging of our event. Don't take the bait.

Thank you!

